add security doc (#1187)
developmentseed/titiler: SECURITY.md

   Please **do not disclose the vulnerability publicly** until a fix is released!

4. Once we have either a) published a fix, or b) declined to address the vulnerability for whatever reason, you are free to publicly disclose it.

## GDAL

`TiTiler` is built on top of Rasterio which is a python wrapper for the [GDAL](https://gdal.org/en/stable/) C++ library. At the time of writing, GDAL is responsible for most of the I/O and thus is where vulnerabilities could be harmful. For any `I/O` issues please first check [GDAL documentation](https://gdal.org/en/stable/user/security.html#security-considerations).

#### GDAL VRT Driver

There is a known security vulnerability with the VRT Driver:

> It can be used to access any valid GDAL dataset. If a hostile party, with knowledge of the location on the filesystem of a valid GDAL dataset, convinces a user to run gdal_translate a VRT file and give it back the result, it might be able to steal data. That could potentially be able for a web service accepting data from the user, converting it, and sending back the result.

see https://gdal.org/en/stable/user/security.html#gdal-vrt-driver

> Thus we recommend to deployed titiler in a controlled infrastructure with limited access to the filesystem. Users can also `disable` the VRT driver completely by using `GDAL_SKIP=VRT` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus we recommend deploying titiler in infrastructure with limited access to the filesystem. Users can also `disable` the VRT driver completely by using `GDAL_SKIP=VRT` environment variable.
```

In GDAL 3.12, new environment variables might be introduced to enable more control over the VRT driver: https://github.com/OSGeo/gdal/pull/12669

#### Limit source's host

> If users want to limit the sources available, they can also create custom `path_dependency` such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If users want to limit the sources that the application can access, they can also create custom `path_dependency` such as this one which limits valid sources to a list of known hosts:
```

```python
from urllib.parse import urlparse

from typing import Annotated
from titiler.core.factory import TilerFactory
from titiler.core.errors import DEFAULT_STATUS_CODES, add_exception_handlers

from fastapi import FastAPI, Query, HTTPException

# List of known host where dataset can be read from
kwown_host = [
   "devseed.org",
]

def DatasetPathParams(url: Annotated[str, Query(description="Dataset URL")]) -> str:
   """Create dataset path from args"""
   # validate Dataset host
   parsed = urlparse(url)

>    if parsed.netloc not in kwown_host:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   if parsed.netloc not in kwown_host:
```
